Allow for enabling client file logging (#1132)
tenzir/vast: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> - 🎁 The option `vast.client-log-file` allows for re-enabling client logging. By
>   default, VAST only writes log files for the server process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 🎁 The new option `vast.client-log-file` enables client-side logging. By
  default, VAST only writes log files for the server process.
```
